README.md, before:

# How to run a ClojureBridge London Event

An overview of the steps required to run a ClojureBridge London Event, helping you naviagate all the currently available content.  Further advice is available in the [clojurebridge/organizing](https://github.com/ClojureBridge/organizing) repository.

# Organising team

There should be 2-4 people involved in organising a ClojureBridge London event, to help spread the work around.  Clojurebridge.org recommends you join their [organising mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojurebridge-workshops)

# Venue & Host 

Select a suitable venue and a host (person who works at the venue).  The host should preferably be one of the organisers.

A suitable venue should include:

* a good WiFi network
* a large screen / projector for opening presentations
* tables, chairs & external monitor (24 inch or larger) for each group
* space for breakfast / lunch
* female hygiene products available
* disabled access

# Budget

Establish the budget for the event (contact previous organisers for sample budgets)

# Sponsorship

Sponsors for the event can provide additional funds to cover the budget or provide content or services that support or complement the event.

Previous sponsors include:
* uSwitch 
* Thoughtworks
* Style.com
* GDS

Contact previous ClojureBridge London organisers via email for sponsor contacts.

# Managing the event

The current recommendations for mananging the event is to create the following:

* Create ClojureBridge London event - [example issue on clojurebridge/Workshops repository](https://github.com/ClojureBridge/Workshops/issues/38) 
* Student event on Meetup.com - [example event](https://www.meetup.com/London-Clojurians/events/233369825/)
* [Student experience form (Google Form)](https://bit.ly/clojurebridgelondon-signup)
* Volunteer event on Meetup.com - [example event](https://www.meetup.com/London-Clojurians/events/234511179/)
* [Volunteer experience form (Google Forms)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdTOdF_26z0lh-yHJDSc8tjFd_CoVpTdvb-4MMg7n44EIC4dQ/viewform)

Update the [ClojureBridge London website](https://clojurebridgelondon.github.io/) by editing the [index.html](https://github.com/ClojureBridgeLondon/clojurebridgelondon.github.io/blob/master/index.html) file and updating event specific details (date, location, organisers, sponsors, etc.)

The organising team should have access to the ClojureBridge London email and [twitter](https://twitter.com/ClojureBridgeLN) accounts, email "clojurebridge dot london at gmail dot com" for access.  

> An existing organiser can give you deligated access to the gmail account and shared access to the twitter acount via tweetdeck.

# Promoting the event

The [ClojureBridge London website](https://clojurebridgelondon.github.io/) is a simple html website with all the information about the event (or links to relevant content), so it can be used to promote the event too (along with the meetup events & clojurebridge.org event pages).

Women in Tech communities in London / UK
* [Women who Code meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Women-Who-Code-London/), [twitter](https://twitter.com/WWCLondon) and [website](https://www.womenwhocode.com/london). Get event added to their weekly newsletter.
* [Code First Girls](http://www.codefirstgirls.org.uk/)
* [Mums in Technoloyg](http://www.meetup.com/Mums-in-Technology-child-friendly-coding-school/) - child friendly events

Transgender & non-binary communities
* [TransCode](http://trans-code.org/), [@trans_code](https://twitter.com/trans_code)

Other Women focused communities
* [Ladies of Code](https://www.ladiesofcode.com/)
* [Women in Tech](http://www.womenintechnology.org/)
* [Women in Technology (UK)](http://www.womenintechnology.co.uk/)
* [Tech UK Women](http://www.techuk.org/focus/programmes/women-in-tech)
* [Tech London Advocates](http://www.techlondonadvocates.org.uk/working-groups/working-groups-women-in-london-tech/)
* [Women of Silicon Roundabout](http://www.women-in-technology.com/)
* [Mums in Technology (startups)](http://mumsintechnology.co.uk/) & [twitter](https://twitter.com/MumsinTech}
* [Tech Mums](http://techmums.co/)

Internal channels:
* ClojureBridge London Website
* London Clojurians mailing list
* Clojurians Slack channels - #clojure-uk, #events


# Teacher Training

A teacher training evening should be run approximately two weeks before the event, to ensure the teachers and assistants have enough time to prepare and are fully aware of their obligations.

# ClojureBridge Event

The event is comprised of an Install party on the Friday evening and the Workshop all day Saturday (see the example meetup.com events for suggested timings)

# Post Event

* [ClojureBridge Alumni mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojurebridge-london-alumni)
* PurelyFunctional.tv - free access for 1 month
* Lambda Island - 1 years free subscription

Commit message:

Added more to managing the event section

README.md, after:

# How to run a ClojureBridge London Event

An overview of the steps required to run a ClojureBridge London Event, helping you naviagate all the currently available content.  Further advice is available in the [clojurebridge/organizing](https://github.com/ClojureBridge/organizing) repository.

# Organising team

There should be 2-4 people involved in organising a ClojureBridge London event, to help spread the work around.  Clojurebridge.org recommends you join their [organising mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojurebridge-workshops)

# Venue & Host 

Select a suitable venue and a host (person who works at the venue).  The host should preferably be one of the organisers.

A suitable venue should include:

* a good WiFi network
* a large screen / projector for opening presentations
* tables, chairs & external monitor (24 inch or larger) for each group
* space for breakfast / lunch
* female hygiene products available
* disabled access

# Budget

Establish the budget for the event (contact previous organisers for sample budgets)

# Sponsorship

Sponsors for the event can provide additional funds to cover the budget or provide content or services that support or complement the event.

Previous sponsors include:
* uSwitch 
* Thoughtworks
* Style.com
* GDS

Contact previous ClojureBridge London organisers via email for sponsor contacts.

# Managing the event

Managing the event is made much easier by using a few simple tools.  

We currently recommend using Meetup.com as this is where the majority of people find our community.  

We encorage voluteers & students to share their programming & clojure experience levels with us via the google forms, to make it easier to group teachers with students.  The student experience google form has a question to confirm gender identification, our main way to ensure we are creating a suitable working space for students.

## Registration tools & experience capturing forms

The current recommendations for mananging the event is to create the following:

* Create ClojureBridge London event - [example issue on clojurebridge/Workshops repository](https://github.com/ClojureBridge/Workshops/issues/38) 
* Student event on Meetup.com - [example event](https://www.meetup.com/London-Clojurians/events/233369825/)
* [Student experience form (Google Form)](https://bit.ly/clojurebridgelondon-signup)
* Volunteer event on Meetup.com - [example event](https://www.meetup.com/London-Clojurians/events/234511179/)
* [Volunteer experience form (Google Forms)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdTOdF_26z0lh-yHJDSc8tjFd_CoVpTdvb-4MMg7n44EIC4dQ/viewform)

## ClojureBridge London Website

Update the [ClojureBridge London website](https://clojurebridgelondon.github.io/) by editing the [index.html](https://github.com/ClojureBridgeLondon/clojurebridgelondon.github.io/blob/master/index.html) file and updating event specific details (date, location, organisers, sponsors, etc.)


## Chat, Email and Twitter

[ClojureBridgeLondon/chat](https://gitter.im/ClojureBridgeLondon/chat) is a chat room that anyone with a github account can join and post questions. 

The organising team should have access to the ClojureBridge London email and [twitter](https://twitter.com/ClojureBridgeLN) accounts, email "clojurebridge dot london at gmail dot com" for access.  Please send all email communications from this account (or cc the email address) so we can track communications (avoid duplication, better manage any issues).

> An existing organiser can give you deligated access to the gmail account and shared access to the twitter acount via tweetdeck.

# Promoting the event

The [ClojureBridge London website](https://clojurebridgelondon.github.io/) is a simple html website with all the information about the event (or links to relevant content), so it can be used to promote the event too (along with the meetup events & clojurebridge.org event pages).

Women in Tech communities in London / UK
* [Women who Code meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Women-Who-Code-London/), [twitter](https://twitter.com/WWCLondon) and [website](https://www.womenwhocode.com/london). Get event added to their weekly newsletter.
* [Code First Girls](http://www.codefirstgirls.org.uk/)
* [Mums in Technoloyg](http://www.meetup.com/Mums-in-Technology-child-friendly-coding-school/) - child friendly events

Transgender & non-binary communities
* [TransCode](http://trans-code.org/), [@trans_code](https://twitter.com/trans_code)

Other Women focused communities
* [Ladies of Code](https://www.ladiesofcode.com/)
* [Women in Tech](http://www.womenintechnology.org/)
* [Women in Technology (UK)](http://www.womenintechnology.co.uk/)
* [Tech UK Women](http://www.techuk.org/focus/programmes/women-in-tech)
* [Tech London Advocates](http://www.techlondonadvocates.org.uk/working-groups/working-groups-women-in-london-tech/)
* [Women of Silicon Roundabout](http://www.women-in-technology.com/)
* [Mums in Technology (startups)](http://mumsintechnology.co.uk/) & [twitter](https://twitter.com/MumsinTech}
* [Tech Mums](http://techmums.co/)

Internal channels:
* ClojureBridge London Website
* London Clojurians mailing list
* Clojurians Slack channels - #clojure-uk, #events


# Teacher Training

A teacher training evening should be run approximately two weeks before the event, to ensure the teachers and assistants have enough time to prepare and are fully aware of their obligations.

# ClojureBridge Event

The event is comprised of an Install party on the Friday evening and the Workshop all day Saturday (see the example meetup.com events for suggested timings)

# Post Event

* [ClojureBridge Alumni mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clojurebridge-london-alumni)
* PurelyFunctional.tv - free access for 1 month
* Lambda Island - 1 years free subscription
